hello everyone.this give me a how to
download guide for the Kim Kardashian
Hollywood game for your PC computer to
start things off head on over to
bluestacks.com and download their free
mobile app player using this button here
or if you have a Mac use that right
there
once you install that open the icon on
your desktop if you need help
downloading BlueStacks go to download
for PC net and search for BlueStacks and
right there's your first result and it
will walk you through how to download
that for your computer alright so once
BlueStacks is done loading click the
search button and type in Kim Kardashian
hit enter and you're going to see a lot
of other Kim Kardashian apps for you to
play around with but the one you want is
the Hollywood one once you open this
page click the install button accept and
it's going to load up right there just
give it a minute to install there
and if you need another detailed guide
for the Kim Kardashian game just type in
Kim Kardashian on download for PC net
and that will pop up right there and
it's got some information about what the
game is about some reviews and your
download guide right there so I don't
know how long that's going to take might
take a few minutes depending on your
internet connection speed but once it's
done you'll see a play button right
there and the game should pop up right
there on your desktop enjoy make sure to
subscribe like the video share it if you
can enjoy